Add options to mangle the output colors of the CLI (#2167)
microsoft/kiota: docs/configuration/index.md

---
title: Configuration
nav_order: 3
has_children: false
---

# Kiota Configuration

This is a list of available options for the Kiota CLI.

> | Environment Variable  | result  |
> |---|---|
> | KIOTA_TUTORIAL | Displays additional hints |
> | KIOTA_CONSOLE_SWAP_COLORS | Swap the color of the output |
> | KIOTA_CONSOLE_NO_COLORS | Turn off the output colorization |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Environment Variable  | Description | Default value |
|---|---|---|
| KIOTA_TUTORIAL | Displays additional hints | true |
| KIOTA_CONSOLE_SWAP_COLORS | Swap the color of the output | false |
| KIOTA_CONSOLE_NO_COLORS | Turn off the output colorization | false |
```
